Hello everyone and welcome to this lecture and this lecture.
We're going to keep going and finish off the exercises that we have for the print and get user data
from the input.
So the exact number for is we're asking the users to write it.
I can use to write a code that takes to integer values from the user and print out the summation and
multiplication.
Something like that and then insert number into another engine on an position equals to addition equates
to.
You guys should be should be easy it should be straightforward.
You guys are you know once a place to be experts now statistical looking to say okay equals two I'm
going to say it's open.
I'm going to say okay input because I want to add data from the user input up in parentheses and then
he's going to say okay enter any integer number right.
Collins looks good.
Okay.
Perfect.
And then do the exact same thing but are going to do it for B.
Right.
And looks great again into.
But I wanted to see another another.
Move any.
I'm going to say that another integer number looks good too.
And I wanted to simply print the result for multiplication and addition.
Okay print or print print these again double quotes.
I'm going to say okay multiplication model to location all right equals two.
And I wanted to clear something here.
And as the rocket quickly brackets.
Right.
Forget it remember this.
Okay.
Addition actually to make it small as an addition equals to another really becket's.
Looks great and they used the format method music dot format.
And I'm going to pass along basically the multiplication and the addition.
Okay.
A multiply by B.
Good do a comma a say a plus b r eight.
Let's run it.
So in C case for example it equals to five or four.
I'm going to say OK and of the in let's say five five for example and then you came of the position
is twenty six looks great.
Five four times five is twenty and then addition is nine which looks perfect.
Gail isn't on one much time and you get another shot.
Let's say three and let's see nine looks good.
Nine times three twenty seven and then seditionist 12 looks great.
OK.
Right.
Called Question five radical that takes the value from the user and simply princeville the number.
It's Square and it's a cubic value.
Let's take a look.
So again as the user enters a number.
Going to go here.
Copy this simply say okay.
Input into a any integer number.
OK.
So there's got to it integer number and then I say okay I want it to print.
And then not to print anything.
Just want to print for 16 64.
That's the requirement and a sticky open brackets.
I'm going to say okay I need curly bracket right.
I'm going to say again I need another kaloo bracket right then that other Crowley bracket messy dot
format right Dot format or print.
I guess I need to pass along a which is the same value.
I need to pass along a Time's a right and a cube let's make it very simple.
Eight times eight times a.
That's it.
Let's see what's going to happen.
If you're on it and your kids say 5.
Now tell me actually it's 525 125 exect or expected it looks great.
All right.
The next question that we have is I'm asking to ask you to add a call that takes the temperature input
from the user in Celsius and convert it to fair tonight.
We have done that before.
This is the only difference is that I'm asking you to actually feed the data from the user.
So I'm going to say okay so see for example equal to it.
All right I'm going to say a key input.
Right.
Open again brackets I'm going to say n30 temperature of temperature in degree Celsius Celsius.
And Colin looks good to me.
All right.
And that's the first step.
And then I'm going to say okay.
Fahrenheit.
Because as a member of the calculation equates to nine.
Right.
By the by five.
And they multiply that by the value of Celsius N without any prentice's of anything because President
doesn't hold here.
It's no need to do the president's operate because he are going to do the multiplication and division
first and then add along to afterwards if they do defer and height then you can actually print both
right away actually when a printed in that format of messick Print and I'm going to say okay print for
me please.
Temperature right in Celsius.
Right.
And what it could do going to take any column here and the little bit of space ending in a print.
The value of c and they need to print the units which is the greasy it's actually do that courtsey of
messick the greasy.
All right.
And if I copy that.
Copy and paste and an associate print temperature in Fahrenheit.
Fair Wren heights.
K equals two.
I'm going to print f am I on it.
He has to show it as just the value of f which is simply the notes on it.
And that's pretty much all what any they hope.
I didn't make any mistakes to give a shot.
Let's for example Clint let's say temperature room temperature 25 degrees C.
If you'd done it would that be temperature in incenses 25 degrees C in Fahrenheit that 77 degrees Fahrenheit
which is sounds about right.
Great.
Looks great.
Let's take a look at question number seven.
So question number seven asking the use of too radical the picks are less than with the verdict came
from the use of print the very end premiere again it looks very similar to what we have done before.
But here are some actions with the user.
Let's take a look.
It's okay again print.
I'm sorry to say equal is to say it's an imports from the user.
I'm going to print I mean his input inputs.
Open printers open prentice's massive kentish widths.
Right.
Get its first step looks good and again into length.
I'm going to say it's open inputs.
My apologies inputs and I will open again prentices and say okay enter lengths right.
Gail looks great and then I'm going to say okay area equates to lenth times with in a very simple form
and I want to get to the perimeter as well.
Let's say primitive equates to two times and I'm going to do then.
Plus width looks great as well.
They are right and I wanted to print it to the user rates and in to say keep print open parentheses
Methody Okay area equals to right and end.
I'm going for a maths method and here are going to take a comma.
They keep primitive primitive equal to an opening in another choli bracket people dot format.
And am going to pass along the value of it in order to a MP.
Eight.
Looks looks pretty good to me.
All right let's let's instead of.
Because I'm using all of the values here upper case.
Let's make it all uppercase with this will get to be w..
This is L..
This is going to qualify.
A.
Okay this is L A plus.
That looks good tends to mean equality.
And as he appears upper case makes sure that all of them are uppercase or at least trying to see what's
going to happen.
Let's assume going to pass along the value of three with three lenses to aiming to get the area to be
6 and perimeter equal pen which looks great to me and which makes sense of course.
All right.
OK I'm great.
The last example that we have is that I wanted to write a code a code that takes the radius of the circle
from the user and principally area they emit at a conference in the area or point out a squared M and
A to oddisee conference to power.
Let's take a look.
So what I wanted to do I wanted to simply improve the radius from the from using a c k are equals to
in brackets.
I say okay.
Input.
Because remember when I say okay what a message that I wanted to feed is a basically enteritidis of
a circle.
Actually copied from here and there are going to be passed along.
The radius of a circle k.
Looks great.
There will be the value of are what I wanted to do afterwards.
Okay I wanted to print them print for the first print.
I mean it's a print.
I'm going to tell it to a circle circle.
They ever write and column and I'm going to say it is simply two times.
Right.
So it's two times are all right.
Looks good to me.
I'm going to copy this again.
Again here I'm going to say okay I wanted to circle a long circle a.
Area here is simply point out a square right.
So I'm going to say okay I need to do PI are square.
So I need to do something which is pi.
I'm going to show you something right now.
PI are square.
So you do this and not to do squared what I'm going to do going to do basically to start as if it causes
a membership and make it square.
But the only difference here.
I can simply write the PI 24 instead using the maths.
If you as a member of the maths module I can actually import maths and then I can use maths that Pi
is with the actual value of pies defined separately.
Let's actually take a look even outside of this woman M import imported let's say maths here on its
own.
An American and you are going to say okay maths dot pi.
Let's take a look at the value.
If you do it you actually get a return seapoint 140.
It's way more detailed way more accurate than just using the One Ford which is kind of an approximation.
So what I could do here is put in maths.
What I could do you're going to say okay maths.
Maths.
DOT.
PI.
Right.
And they'll be the multiplication.
So here I simply.
Oh my apologies.
This is two times.
This is.
This is separate.
This looks good here.
Now multiply maths does.
I say multiply pi.
Times are times the power of squit which is spiotta Square which is the area which looks great.
The last one that I want a copy that's going to do it.
An analysis circle and a copy axis at a conference.
And a copy of circle of conference equals 2 to pi are going to see achates two times pi times are gay
and I don't need this.
Okay so it's two pi.
OK looks great.
Let's give a shot.
It's an integer value of three for example radius.
In your case there is six.
The Circle area is twenty eight point two and the circle side conference is eighteen point eight four
and that's it.
Now he is supposed to be familiar with print and has to get data as well from the use in using the Input.
Great job.
You guys should be proud.
I hope you guys enjoyed it.
And see you in the next section.